SP-1606: Updates to describe the content of DP1 and updates to the AP plans (#41)
lsst/rtn-011: commissioning.tex

\label{sec:commissioning}

\subsection{Commissioning Plan and Schedule}
\label{ssec:commissioning-schedule}

Figure~\ref{fig:commissioning-es-schedule} shows the detailed schedule of commissioning and early science activities relative to System First Light, as of \currentdate.
\begin{figure}[htb]
\centering
\includegraphics[width=0.98\linewidth]{figures/rubinobs_on-sky_commissioning_and_early_science.pdf}
\caption{Detailed schedule of commissioning  and early science activities relative to System First Light, as of \currentdate.}
\label{fig:commissioning-es-schedule}
\vspace{0.1cm}
\end{figure}
ComCam First Photon was successfully achieved on 24 October 2024.
Rubin (LSSTCam) First Photon, is currently expected on 15 April 2025 and System First Light in  July 2025 (\S~\ref{sec:timeline}). 

Figure~\ref{fig:commissioning} shows the high level plan for the Rubin commissioning observations. 
\begin{figure}[htb]
\centering
\includegraphics[width=0.95\linewidth]{figures/commissioning-plan}
\caption{Outline plan for the collection of commissioning data, as of \currentdate.}
\label{fig:commissioning}
\end{figure}
Commissioning data collection is planned to take place in phases.

> The On-Sky Engineering phase may be carried out with either ComCam and/or LSSTCam, depending on the optimal sequence of integration activities.

Author: missed this one - thanks. Yes, all 'may'  with respect to ComCam should be removed

Both the System Optimization and Science Validation (SV) phases will be carried out with LSSTCam. 
The System Optimization phase will collect a set of observations designed to help optimize the system prior to starting the Science Validation phase.

> During the Science Validation phase, a series of SV Surveys designed to support scientific analyses that validate the system's performance and allow Rubin to demonstrate operations readiness are carried out, see \citeds{SITCOMTN-005}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the Science Validation phase, a series of SV Surveys designed to support scientific analyses that validate the system's performance and allow Rubin to demonstrate operations readiness will be carried out. See Section 6 of \citeds{SITCOMTN-005} for the baseline design of the SV surveys.
```

> The System Optimization and SV phases contain a number of planned key components, including an LSST wide-fast-deep (WFD) 1-2 year equivalent depth ``pilot'' survey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This design includes a Deep component covering $\sim 100 \textrm{deg}^2$ in $𝑢𝑔𝑟𝑖𝑧𝑦$ to at least 10-yr LSST wide-fast-deep (WFD) equivalent exposure, and a Wide component covering at least $\sim 1000 \textrm{deg}^2$ in $𝑔𝑟𝑖𝑧$ to 1-yr LSST WFD equivalent exposure.
```
